hello welcome back to another video I
hope you are having a lovely week today
I'm going to do it quite a juicy bit of
everything
fitness QA it's quite a lot of like
girly questions like to do a very
periods hormones I'm just gonna go in on
this one
I've watched quite a few videos to do we
need like hormones Fitness in the past
and found them so useful so just thought
I would share like a bit of my
experience and a lot of the questions
that I asked you guys on my Instagram
were generally sort of like about them
kind of topics and so yeah before we
dive straight in I would really
appreciate it if you click this video
with the like it really supports my
channel and everything and just tad by
the time this video is up my volume to
cheat code recipe ebook will be live so
I'm going to leave that links down below
it's super exciting it's jam-packed with
some really yummy dessert recipes so
definitely check that out
and yeah we'll just go straight into it
so I will get these up on Instagram
don't know why I didn't decide to charge
my phone
before doing this video we're currently
on 30% where to start there is actually
there are so many questions I think this
is my question you have ever had on like
a Q&A so thank you so so much for
sending in your questions I'm gonna try
and answer as many as I can as I know in
the last Q&A I think I kind of waffle a
lot of it so I'm gonna try to be just
like straight to the point and be useful
okay first one but actually seen do you
use birth control and how it influenced
your progress so in terms of birth
control the so many different names for
it like contraception just appeal I
guess like there's quite a few different
names but yes I'm on the progress
address Pradesh I think I was gonna have
to practice how those were progesterone
only pill that is the one I'm on I've
actually changed to that pill quite
recently and yeah that is dead
I was getting migraines on the combined
pill so I am on the projection only
paracord dezer X I've been on this one
for about two months it's the one that
you take every single day Joe actually
have like a break with this one and the
lady who my doctor he gave it to me it
did mention that I might not have a
period as for which kind of put me off
because I'm with these people I do like
to have a period every month just so
that I know like everything's working
and stuff however when I mentioned that
to her I said or don't have that suit me
and she actually say that like whenever
you're on any sort of pill it's kind of
like a fake period in in a way which is
quite interesting so I didn't really
know that but I had actually been having
like a carrier to he like every four
weeks generally but it's more kind of
like spotting and actually really happy
to be talking about this on here because
I feel like it's the subjects it's not
spoken about enough amongst women and
considering such a big percentage of our
on that quantitative here or taking it
for other reasons like the main reason I
started on my Yasmin pill which was the
first one I went on and happy snore in
the background
she thinks of the feel but yet the first
pit of the combined wouldn't that I was
on before this was mainly for my acne
which really did help quite a long
period of time so yeah in terms of like
the peel affecting my like Fitness
things like that
it hasn't really affected me at all the
only thing I would say is that generally
I can tell a difference that I've tried
quite a lot of different pills in the
past and I definitely have had to like
notice my mood swings a lot more and but
I just keep an eye on that and also and
the like the biggest reason I came off
my yeah dream pillow combined on it was
that I was getting really severe
migraines that was getting like white
blows in my eyes and stuff so I just
came straight off that and I've really
recommend if you're having any like
thanks your symptoms like that just get
off it it's clearly not for you I have
actually been thinking about getting the
coil that doesn't have like hormones as
such in it and that's been been thinking
about that recently because I'm just
sick of putting this kind of stuff into
my body
it doesn't really groove me and I do
feel like my hormones and I feel like
have a lot more mood swings taking it's
kind of stuff and so yeah so that is a
pill but I don't think it infected like
me fitness-wise
other than I've no like mood swings so
yeah the next question is how do you
book without gaining fat this is
something I get asked quite often and so
my approach and generally to grow muscle
mass you need to be first off in a
calorie surplus and also progressive
overloading with resistance training you
know really focusing on a hypertrophy
and the other absolute key important
thing is like the quality of the food
you're eating I would say make sure
you've got some good high protein
sources and like Whole Foods in your
diet and that way you're not going to
put on like absolutely masses a massive
of excess fat but whenever you are like
in a book to gain weight you are going
to put on like a slight bit of excess
that but generally it can be different
from person to person like genetically
and all of that but yes about is that
woman next question
what breed is the beautiful Penelope
Penelope is a chatter how many times in
a week do you train apps so I actually
mainly like train my apps from like
compound movements I guess like that
there's a lot of like core work in your
deadliest year squats and then our
sometimes throwing like an absurd kit
once or twice a week it just depends but
it's not something I trained religiously
next one are you tracking your meals yes
at the moment I have been tracking it
although the past two days I haven't
tracked like it's not something I'm
completely strict with and because I've
tracked from that across for quite a
long period of time and and I do eat
quite a lot of like this similar similar
foods day-to-day so I do have an idea of
what I've got in stuff but I'm not sort
of like because I'm not prepping like
for a show or anything I'm not
completely like right got to track every
single day and if I write for a meal or
something
you know I'm not religious basically
it's protein powder really necessary no
it's not completely necessary it can
just be used as I can add on I love
having it in my morning oats but as long
as you've got you know that other high
protein sources from your meats and
stuff then it's definitely definitely
not necessary but the next question
about to stop binging I don't want to
trip trigger anything or anyone by
answering this
first of all I would definitely say I
would get professional help if it's
something that you feel is sort of out
of control I would reach out to someone
that has a definite first step to me I
would say the other thing is it could
potentially be that you are being
restrictive whenever I felt the need to
binge it's generally because I've
restricted something or said I can't
have like a certain food group and I
really don't think that approach is
healthy you can have every single food
group in your in your diet in like
moderation I guess so yeah that is what
I would say about that question
next one what do you do on rest days
rest days I like to go on like a little
walk I always take a nappy out every day
and I do some that recovery stuff maybe
some stretches but not every single rest
day it just depends how I'm feeling like
physically mentally B I love watching
like Netflix and just really chilling
out on my rest days next question what
is your height so I'm about five foot
six and a half and have you ever had any
issues complications with your hormones
last year I did have a cyst on one of my
ovaries and it was actually really crazy
so I went to a medium and had like a
read it and that was my first ever
reading and he actually told me he said
oh you need to go and get one of your
ovaries looked at it's nothing serious
they're really really common cysts in
women and so I went to the doctors
purely off what this guy said I hadn't
really had many symptoms over then like
acne and yeah I had a cyst on my ovaries
but it went and everything was fine
since then I did have like higher
testosterone for a while but I've had
that essence to sit there like
over the year and half and everything's
being okay do you recommend running or
hit for purely weight loss not
necessarily I think weight training is
amazing for weight loss it just depends
on what you prefer really there's not a
one size like fits all it's just what
you enjoy the most what's sustainable
for you as long as you're in a calorie
deficit by your nutrition or your
exercise that's the main thing that's
going to help you with your weight loss
and what you can actually sustain how do
you cope with not being able to Train
due to an injury now girl I feel you
this is something I really struggle with
I broke my toe a few months ago it was
so funny actually I was filming a video
for youtube it was a cookie and I think
it's a meal prep one and I tripped over
Penelope stubbed my toe my toe was like
that like supposed to it they're
literally like that and I couldn't
really do that much it's crazy how much
pain that little toe brought me I know
it went - there we go the chili this
would be another hero actually she's
just going get instructed but yeah and I
mentioned this is from a previous vlog
but I found it really difficult and but
basically you've just got to adapt to
like what you can do there will be
certain things you haven't really
mentioned what injury is other ones I
would advise you and like maybe some
exercise you could do but I'm sure and
you could do some other stuff but just
learn to adapt try and be as positive as
you can and you know really like
concentrate on you at Kona Marie because
the quicker you look after yourself the
quicker that you can recovery like I did
make the mistake initially and like
trying to do stuff that I wasn't ready
to do and it definitely slowed things
down so just give yourself some time
take a breather and you'll be back to it
in no time or do you believe your cardio
or strength training helps you become
leaner it was mainly like Alma trainees
mainly strength training
yeah strength training for sure because
that's mainly what I've done what are
some good podcasts you listen to so I
really like audible and listen to this
all the time on like my walks and stuff
I've recently been listening to life
leverage by Rama it's absolutely
brilliant talks loads about like
business prioritizing and I've listened
to the seven Habits of Highly Effective
People these are like business ones I
guess but something I've really
recommend is Deepak shop shop my husband
at chakra shop chakra at the seven
spiritual laws of success if you're like
a bit spiritual or anything like that
then that book is absolutely amazing to
listen to and it's not too long but yeah
this is what I do shoots on audible you
do have to pay for though but this is
what I use always highly recommended do
you consider yourself someone with a lot
of friends or small clothes small group
of close friends and I feel like because
I've moved around quite a bit I have a
lot of friends in like different places
if you know what I mean like rather than
I definitely don't have like one big
group of close friends I did have that
in school and stuff but like since
moving around all the place like
definitely not the case anymore
I haven't suffered from binge eating or
constant snacking at you to stress tips
yes
I've definitely suffered in the past
mainly when I was at uni and I was quite
unhappy and I was constant in the
kitchen like just always going to the
fridge and I think that was like just
you to just a bunch of things and but I
would just say to change up switch up
your environment if you can try and
avoid like if you're working home or
since in a moment trying to avoid
sitting in the kitchen and I would say
just figure out like what it is you're
stressing about and try or try and
really minimize that
and because that's not gonna help
anything [ __ ] and also you can maybe
swap your sets and stuff for just like
vegetables I love sounds really like it
sounds between science but and I really
like just grabbing carrots from the
fridge they're quite satisfying next
question is how to lose fat I went from
61 to 55 kg but still look the same and
I would definitely say make sure you go
back to like old photos because I can
guarantee you probably Bowden look the
same but you you could have a bit a
little bit of like body dysmorphia where
you are looking there and you just don't
notice that you know just we all see
ourselves every single day so it can be
difficult sometimes so I'll definitely
take a look at some older pictures don't
go completely always off the scales
because there's so many variants that
come into your scale way the next one
made me knife actually what o'clock do
you use to count calories I think it
meant what app so I use my fitness power
to track my macros and I also just used
like a scale that I got off Amazon I can
leave that links down below there next
question can you post my workout videos
on YouTube yes definitely I'm happy to
do that our films for you as soon as I
can
next question about can you put on
weight healthily so just make sure in a
slight calorie surplus if you wanted to
do things like slowly and steadily just
do it really really minimally slow and
steady and don't rush yourself just the
patient is to make sure that growth
hand-in-hand with like some strength and
resistance training in how much time was
your last workout my life's work out I
think it's about 45 minutes it's
generally anywhere from half an hour to
an hour the rest days are important but
I get worried to take them any tips so
rest days are the most crucial thing
I've been there in the past where I used
to never have a rest
I'd have like one and then I really
noticed it like I was feeling exhausted
in my body and just mentally and best of
rest oh they're so important for your
recovery and also about your gains and
your muscle tissues need to repair
everything like that so it is just sort
of about changing your mindset and
realizing that resting they're actually
so beneficial for your body and just
think about how your sessions in a
different way like you're going to have
much better sessions if you're taking
one to two rest days per week and so
just work on that mindset shift for that
one when is your new food guide coming
out it will be out now you can click the
link in down below I'm so excited about
that so the next question are your
hundred percent vegan or just mostly
plant me I am now either of 32 and I eat
meat and I'm definitely yeah I'm not
plant-based or vegan how can I reduce
fat on my legs so you can't spot reduce
fat and you need to be in a calorie
deficit in order to lose fat anywhere
but you can't pick and choose like that
I'll be just like overall body fat loss
do you have to work out every day to see
results absolutely not
rest days are actually super beneficial
everyone sort of mentioning earlier on
and you're probably going to see much
better and yeah how do you deal with
period cravings mine are so bad I feel
you on this I definitely on my P like I
know a lot of people actually don't get
any cravings at all on their period but
I I am one of those like chocolate is my
main thing so I feel you on this and I
would just say like have something or
have whatever you want in you know
craving wise and just have it in like
more moderation than anything and like
try fire maybe that little alternatives
that help satisfy your cravings but
definitely don't avoid phones just died
with those questions on maybe that's a
sign that was not home so that brings us
to the end of that video they weren't
quite a lot of the questions on there
but do
let me know what you want me to do
another video I could part two there's a
lot more like different topic and a lot
of those topics is where I feel like I
could do like whole video on so just
drop me a message message in the
comments and I will do whatever and but
yeah I really hope you enjoyed it and I
would love it if you stick around and
join the family i subscribing and liking
this video and just winton remember my
volume to cheat code is out now so i'll
leave that all linked down below and
i'll see you in the next video
[Music]